Feature: Add mock service (#19)
eclipse-velocitas/devenv-runtimes: runtime-local/README.md

# Runtime Local

> A runtime which uses either the dapr middleware or uses direct (native) gRPC and MQTT to communicate between different services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A runtime without container management system (like Kubernetes). It supports either the dapr middleware or direct (native) usage of gRPC and MQTT to communicate between different services.
```
